Update the Known issue the topic renaming[Global Hub 1.3.0] (#1053)
stolostron/multicluster-global-hub: doc/byo.md

    --from-file=client.key=<Client-key-for-kafka-server> 
```
Please note that:

> - Two topics `spec` `status`. If your Kafka is configured to allow creating topics automatically, you can skip this step. Otherwise, you need to create the topics manually. And ensure that the above Kafka user has the permission to read data from the topics and write data to the topics.

Reviewer: For the RHACM docs, we typically document notes like I did here. What do you think? 

```suggestion
*Note:*  See the following requirements for bringing your own Kafka: 

- Unless you configured your Kafka to automatically create topics, you must manually create two topics: `spec` and `status`. When you create these topics, ensure that the Kafka user to read and write data to the these topics.  
- Test Kafka 3.3 or later.
- Ensure persistent volume for your Kafka.

```

Reviewer: Also, since this is important information for bringing your own Kafka, I would add this content to the beginning of the Bring your own Kafa doc. 

Perhaps, we could say **Prerequisite** instead of **Note** and put the content on line 5. What do you think?

Author: Yes. You are right! We can use the Prerequisite.

I have applied your comments. Thanks @jc-berger for your quick response and a detailed review!
